---
layout: post
title:  "Testimony-A Broadcaster"
tags:
  - broadcaster
  - 
hero: https://source.unsplash.com/collection/430471/
overlay: red
published: true

---


## Background
My name is Abigail, I was born in China. I grew up in a twenty-six-square meter room with my three brothers. My parents suffered huge financial pressure due to radical changes within the country. 
<!–-break-–>

They were too preoccupied with surviving financially to foster communication as a family with the children. Times of solitude for me were the norm. I spent most of my childhood quietly thinking at home. I had no playmates or toys. My parents couldn't afford to send me to kindergarten or buy me stationary. I didn't learn how to write or draw until I was enrolled in school at 8. 
As a child I witnessed much suffering and misery within my family and neighborhood. The sadness of life’s circumstance often overwhelmed me. No one knew the emotions I hid in my heart, but I always observed quietly. Before beginning primary school one day I heard one of our neighbors take their own life. It made me question life. What does man live for? Where do they go after death? I looked around the room one day and became fixated on a wooden dining table. I wondered if the table could live forever. But I decided no. It could be broken and burnt. I looked at a tree outside my window and wondered if it could live forever.  But then realized it too could grow old and die. Death seemed inevitable and that's when I understood I too was going to die. Immediately I felt a pain pierce my heart. I had become aware of my own mortality. I was afraid and could not shake off the pain and fear for days. I didn't want to live a meaningless life. To be born only to suffer and die. That was a terrible concept. But then something amazing happened. I looked at the beautiful blue sky and pondered its destiny. It was an ever-present character that gave me comfort. I decided if anything could live forever it would be the sky. For it was always there and unchanging. It was evidence of the existence of eternity. Just like the Bible says, “For the invisible things of Him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even His eternal power and godhead; so that they are without excuse.” (Romans 1:20) My heart believed at that time that one day magic things would happen. Eternity would be granted as a medicine to those who were uniquely made like me. I felt relief from the pain in my heart. The fear in my emotions evaporated with this new revelation. 


## Meeting Jesus
When I was 17, I overheard a conversation between my oldest brother and Mum. My brother said, “Aunty told me today, there is a God, and a Son of God called Jesus Christ.” When I heard the name of Jesus I was deeply attracted. I wanted to know more about Him. I immediately requested Mum take me to visit this Aunty. Mum was shocked by my request and replied, “Don’t trouble me about this, she has mental illness.” I told her I didn't care if she was mad I just want to hear about the son of God called Jesus Christ.  I begged Mum until she agreed to take me. She had one condition. I'd only have five minutes with her, and when Mum said we needed to go I had to obey and leave immediately. The very next day Mum took me to meet my Aunty. She was a middle-aged woman and so welcoming. Without even asking my name she immediately asked me: “Do you know who Jesus is?”.  She didn't wait for my reply before she shared “Jesus is the Son of God, He died for our sins on the cross, and rose again three days later. Now we can have eternal life through Jesus.” My Aunt's eyes sparkled as she told me this. I couldn't see any hint of madness in her. She waved a little black book at me and asked, “Do you know what this is?” I had no idea. She said, “This is a Holy Bible which contains all the words that God has spoken.” I reached for the book to take a look. But my Aunty wouldn't let me take it. She said, “Oh no, this is very precious. There are only a few Bibles in this nation now. During the cultural revolution, most of the Bibles were destroyed, and this Bible nearly got confiscated.” My Aunty told me while the red guard was marching into her house trying to confiscate the Bible she closed her eyes and prayed in tongues. To her surprise when she opened her eyes all the people were running away calling her a “mad woman”. On hearing that Mum told me it was time to go. Knowing it was our final moment together Aunty told me “Remember this: if you confess with your mouth, and believe in your heart, you will be saved.”  

## Dream   
When I was 19, I applied for a student visa to study in the U.S. All my documents had been previewed and were deemed in order. I also had a verbal pre-approval from the visa officer in the U.S. embassy. I went to the embassy for an interview and just before my passport was stamped everything changed. The visa official who was about to stamp my passport was swayed by the female visa officer next to him. She whispered just loudly enough for me to hear, “She is young and pretty. If you give her the visa she will get married and never return to her own country!” The visa officer was flustered by his colleague’s statement. Caught by the innuendo that he was about to do something wrong he stopped and looked at me. My heart pounded while I waited for him to deliver that stamp of freedom. Instead he said, “I’m sorry Miss, my colleague has an objection about me giving you the visa. Therefore, it is denied.”  His final words and the bang of the red stamp broke my heart. My ticket to freedom was denied and my dream to leave the country was shattered. I was devastated. I went home in a daze of disappointment and despair. My emotions churned. All I could see before me was darkness. All I could think was I had given up everything to go abroad to study but now I am finished. All my plans and dreams are destroyed. I felt adrift in a dark, hopeless pit. It was then that I recalled the words of my Aunty: “If you call upon the Lord you will be saved!” Those words brought me hope. I prayed, “Jesus if you really exist, please help me.”

## My Helper
After I prayed things changed. Doors opened again. The Lord was leading me step-by-step. Everyone seemed willing to help me. Four weeks after my visa was rejected I received an invitation for another interview with the same officer who had denied my visa. I dressed down this time and wore thick glasses to hide my beauty. I was worried the whole time about being noticed by the female visa officer. Instead, to my surprise the clerk noticed my school admission date was about to expire in two days. She asked me, “Miss, are you able to leave the country right away?” I replied, “Yes!" The clerk told me to pay 26 Yuan. I couldn't believe my ears. I wondered why there was no interview. The clerk impatiently said, “Do you want a visa or not?” I quickly paid and received my visa without another interview. This was unheard of in 1980. I knew that Jesus had intervened for me. There was no other explanation. My future changed within an instant. I experienced unbelievable joy. Within half a day six exit documents required from six different government office locations were favorably granted to me. Without the blessing of the Lord it would have been impossible to achieve. I left the following day.    
When I arrived in the U.S. I shared with Dad my encounter with the Lord. He believed everything I said and suggested my whole family go to church. In a couple of months, we all gave our lives to the Lord and were baptized. 
    

## Bad Choice
Jesus’ help made me realize He was real. As a new believer I didn't know I could experience God more through the Bible. I searched to know Him deeper. My friend led me into the practice of transcendental meditation. I hoped through this path I could experience God more. I didn’t realize how dangerous this path was for me at the time. I left the church and married a man who also meditated. The love I thought I had with this man turned out to be a lie. I was betrayed and heart-broken. I couldn't believe it was happening to me. I chanted in the hope that the repetition of a mantra in my mind would sooth my aching heart and troubled emotions. Although my mind received a temporary release from emptiness my aching heart did not ease. 
For 18 years I searched for answers down the wrong path. Eventually I left the U.S. and moved to Australia. I felt I was no better off.  I still had no answers.  

## Turning Point
One day my doorbell rang. As I walked past the picture of an idol hanging in my living room I heard the Lord speaking to me, “None of the idols that you worship can help you, only I, Jesus can help you.” I was shocked. Upon hearing these words, I knew I was worshiping the wrong god. I remembered it was Jesus who helped me receive freedom. When I opened the door my friend entered, sat down, and said to me, “Do you know Jesus died for you too?”
To hear Jesus died for me shocked me again. My heart was touched and a flame of hope flickered in my life once more. From that moment on I acted. I asked my friend to bring me six books to prove the Bible was from God and not man. I did this because a former University teacher had told me that six credible sources were needed to determine the authenticity of a statement. I was too afraid to walk blindly into another deception again. I did not know this was my Jesus moment of being led by Him from deception to truth.
My friend brought me seven books the next day. As I read them my faith in Jesus grew daily. Instead of meditating two hours every day I prayed and worshiped the one true God. I pondered Psalms 23 and Philippians 4:4-8. God was with me, renewing my mind, revealing the truth, healing my brokenness, giving me revelation of His words and helping me to rethink life. Peace and joy replaced the fear and hurt within. Faith and hope poured into my heart. I was hungry for His truth. I attended all the bible study groups in my church and all the conferences available at the time. I finally decided to study at Bible College.  
   

## First Mission
As the years passed the joy I received from the Lord overflowed in my heart. I wanted to tell my people what the Lord had done for me. I asked the Lord to show me clearly what to do. But the waiting was a long time. During the waiting period I wanted to move back to the U.S. I wanted to be with my family. My brothers had asked me to consider doing business with them. But when I inquired of the Lord He would whisper these words from the Bible to me, “Be still and know I am God (Psalm 46:10a), and “Trust in the Lord, and do good; dwell in this land and be friend faithfulness” (Psalm 37:3b).   
One day a pastor with a healing ministry came to visit my church. I witnessed the Lord heal many sick people through this man. I approached the pastor to pray for my ill mother who was in China at the time. To my surprise he said, “If you organize my trip, I will go, but I only want to go to government churches”. I pondered this for days. I had no church contacts in China. I asked the Lord for clarity. I then heard a still small voice saying, “If you do not organize for him, who will?”  I realized my opportunity to serve the Lord had finally come. 

## My Plan
Naturally I organized the trip in my own way. I asked my two brothers, who were doing business in China at that time, to help me find contacts in the government churches. They agreed to help me. But about a week before the departure date both my brothers rang and told me that they were too busy and could I postpone the trip for another week. I doubted. I asked the Lord, “Lord do you really want me to go? I don’t know anyone there, how would I do it without my brother’s help?” The Lord replied to me, “I will show you the things that your eyes have never seen, and would you trust Me and have faith to step into the unknown?” I said to the Lord, “Lord if this is You, please give me 3 more confirmations, 1) scripture, 2) confirmation from my pastor, 3) prophetic words from the congregation".

## Confirmation
Immediately the Lord gave me the scripture “But as it is written, “What no eye has seen, nor ear heard, nor the heart of man imagined, what God has prepared for those who love Him.” (1 Corinthian 2:9) The next day at church, during the worship, an elder declared, “This is a word for someone in the church, the Lord is saying to you, I am sending you out like I sent Joseph to Egypt with a purpose, do not be afraid, just go, for I am with you.” I knew the words were meant for me and I received them quietly. After the service finished I went forward for prayer. When the pastor laid his hand on me he said, “I sense the Lord is telling you do not delay your plan, trust Him and just go and do what He called you to do.” Afterwards the pastor apologized by saying, “I don’t know why I said those words, but I feel that is what the Lord wanted me to say to you, I hope it meant something to you.” After receiving all three confirmations I was excited and shared with my friend. I asked her to be the witness for all these things. There was no excuse for me not to go.   

## His Leading
On returning to my nation I planned to stay at my brother’s home. But my brother’s father-in-law was ill and in hospital. As my brother and his family were going away he arranged for me to stay with his mother-in-law to keep her company. 
At the time I had no idea how to make contacts with the churches. But I knew it was the Lord who sent me. I firmly believed that I would miraculously come across a divine appointment. The anticipation of this caused me tremendous excitement like nothing else ever had. I paid attention to everyone who crossed my path. 
The first morning after I arrived I noticed my brother's mother-in-law had an idol in the house. She lit an incense stick before the idol. I knew I needed to preach the good news to her. I read her a Bible story and told her about Jesus. Then she mentioned that thirty years ago someone else had also shared about Jesus with her.
The next day I was reminded that three years earlier I had received a prophetic word from a sister, “I don’t know why, the Lord told me to tell you to visit a government church this time when you visit your family in China”. I had returned to China and witnessed God's miracles in my life. I decided to revisit the church I attended once previously. I thought perhaps in that church I could have a divine appointment with someone. After the worship I saw a familiar preacher walk onto the stage. It was the same preacher as last time. After the service I prayed for a divine connection with the preacher. But when I finished my prayer the preacher was gone and nowhere to be found. I left church disappointed. As I was passing by a brother was selling the church newsletter on the way out. I heard the soft gentle voice within me telling me to purchase one. At first I didn’t submit to the voice’s leading and kept walking. But the voice prompted me again. I obeyed and bought the newsletter. On the taxi drive back, I read the newsletter searching for a clue. Nothing caught my eye apart from the preacher’s name.      

## Divine Connections
When I returned from church my brother's mother-in-law greeted me in high spirits. She had remembered the name of the person who shared Jesus with her thirty years ago. The name was the same as the one written in the newsletter. I couldn't believe what I heard. My heart jumped for joy and I praised the Lord, “Oh, my Lord I see Your divine hand is working behind the scenes. You are in control. In this city of more than 30 million people, you position me at the right place, at the right time with the right person”.  In that moment my faith increased tremendously. I was certain my brother's mother-in-law could give me the preacher’s contact details. A few minutes later she came back from her bed room with an old phone book in her hand. It contained the preacher’s contact details. She rang the number, but it was disconnected. I wasn't discouraged by that at all. I was certain this was the Lord’s leading. I urged her to think of anyone else she knew who might have the preacher’s current contact details. She paused for a while, smiled and said, “Oh my poor memory, I forgot the preacher used to work under my husband’s authority. I will ring my husband and ask him to get the contact details.” 
I met the preacher the next day. I shared how the Lord had led me to this point. The preacher smiled and told me, “This is indeed a miracle. You may not know, I only preach in this church once every six months. If you had visited this church a week earlier or a week later, you would not be able to see me.” We prayed and gave thanks to the Lord together. Afterwards the preacher asked me, “Why did you want to meet me, and what can I do to help you?” I shared the purpose of my trip was to bring a healing ministry pastor to touch the people of this nation, so they can see Jesus heals people and He is living, yesterday and today. The preacher smiled and said, “Give me a few days to call a few people for you and see what doors the Lord will open for you. Wait for me. I will call you.” 
But as soon as I returned the phone rang. I instinctively sensed it was the preacher ringing. The preacher’s gentle voice was on the line saying, “You are blessed. As soon as you left, my phone rang, there are three pastors who I plan to connect you with from another city. They called me to let me know they are coming to visit in three days.” The preacher’s words made my heart rejoice.      
Three days later I sat in a meeting room with the three pastors. I felt very inadequate. I told them the purpose of the meeting and suggested they invite the healing pastor to their church to preach, to allow believers in China to witness that Jesus is living, the same yesterday and today. After my introduction, one pastor said, “Be careful of your involvement with the Pentecostal church.” The other pastor said, “God does not heal people now, God only does miracles during the establishment of the church, which we already have experienced and now God has stopped healing.” I didn't want to get into a debate with them. The atmosphere in the room was very awkward. I was aware of the situation but remembered the Lord's instruction to me the night before, “All you have to do is to pray with them.” I immediately said to them, “Let us pray and give this to the Lord to lead.” After my prayer, the presence of the Lord came upon the room. Everyone sat without making a sound. I felt a strong peace within my heart. After a long pause the third pastor who led the other two pastors spoke, “We will host the meeting for you.” 

## Joy of the Lord
My heart was filled with joy. I realized this was accomplished because God was working behind the scenes.  As I walked towards a taxi to return home I heard the gentle voice telling me, “I am calling you to do my work, so I will open the door for you, I will give you the words to speak, so when you finish doing My will, you will witness it was My work, so no one can boast,” I replied, “Oh Lord, You are mighty, You reign from heaven on earth, let Your plan be accomplished through me, please use me, I am willing to be a fool in man’s eyes for You, I am willing to serve you according to Your way, all glory to You most high. It is because of You I could accomplish these things, so I will not boast.”
This first mission trip for me was amazing. Many sick people were healed. The paralyzed walked and demons were cast out. People rejoiced knowing the Lord is a healing God. He is a God of the living. At the end of this mission trip the healing pastor invited me to join his ministry. To be his public relations person who organized his international trips. It was an amazing opportunity for me as I loved to travel. But if anything I realized from my first mission trip that in serving the Lord it was in fact the Lord working on me. I knew only through serving Him I could have the abundant life He promises. I was determined not to serve Him according to my way but allow Him to lead me. So, I didn't respond quickly to the healing pastors offer. I told him I needed to pray and seek the Lord’s will first. I waited on the Lord for instruction.  
I prayed for a week about the job offer but heard nothing from the Lord. I told the healing pastor I needed more time to hear from the Lord. But after two weeks I had still heard nothing. I gave up this amazing offer. I knew from my first mission trip I must do what God calls me to. Only then would I experience His presence and accomplish His will. I discovered the Lord was working on me mightily whilst I served Him. It enabled me to break through and that was the best blessing the Lord ever gave me. Although waiting is never easy I knew I must wait patiently for His will and leading. 
 
## His Calling
After I declined the ministry work offer I waited for God to show me His will. The Lord whispered to me to go to a short wave evangelical radio station to serve. At first, I doubted. I couldn't have heard Him correctly, but within five minutes of hearing His voice the phone rang. Someone from the radio station called me inviting me to go for a job interview. I had no experience in radio and therefore believed I was in no way qualified for the job. I turned down the offer. Twice it was offered and twice I turned it down. His calling was not what I expected. 
Then one day while I was at a conference I asked the Lord again in the spirit, “Lord show me how to serve You.” This time I heard Him again clearly whisper, “I already told you but you didn’t respond.” On hearing this I repented and promised the Lord I would contact the radio station as soon as I returned home. Before I had the chance a third person from the station rang me. They told me that they felt I was the right person for the job. 
The thought of starting an unfamiliar job was daunting. During the interview I openly told the station manager that I was inexperienced. That my Chinese was rusty and my accent was not perfect. Also that my working hours were restricted. I thought if this is not from God, then surely, I will not get this job. But the station manager politely replied, “You are the one we want, your imperfect accent is perfect for shortwave radio abroad, and the working hours are no problem. You can record evening programs.” After hearing this I knew there was no way out. This was what the Lord had called me to do. 
There were times I felt inadequate in this ministry and very uncomfortable. I wondered why I was chosen for this ministry. One day I asked the Lord about it, “Oh Lord, I’m not a good speaker, I’m not a good story-teller and I’m untrained and inexperienced and I know that I’m not capable of doing this job, but why did you choose me for this job? I don’t understand.” The Lord replied, “Child, it’s because you’re not able that I can show you that I AM in you. If you are confident in yourself, you will not seek Me or ask My help, how then would I be able to use you?” This encounter with God assured me that what I lacked in ministry doesn't matter because the Lord would provide all my needs. Little by little He took away my fears and shyness in speaking. He gave me the ability to broadcast. My heart rested in His faithfulness and goodness. I realized my weakness is the best opportunity for the Lord to change me.  I reminded myself never to forget that He is always at work, in every situation, to benefit those who love Him.
I knew my limited mind only allowed me to see a small scale of reaching my people. But God’s plan for me was much greater and beyond my imagination. He not only used me but He blessed me by stretching a potential gift I didn’t even know I had. I thank God for His patient and persistent reminder for me to humbly obey and not miss His calling for my life.

## Destiny
I accomplished nearly five years of broadcasting before the shortwave radio program closed. The mission organization decided to take another direction. It was another season to conquer unfamiliar territory. During this period, I prayed to the Lord, “Is my work coming to an end? Would you like to move me to something else?” But I heard nothing from Him. Many times, I was tempted to leave and do something else. But deep inside me there was a clear sense that I needed to hear from the Lord before making a move. He had opened the door for me into this ministry. So, He will shut the door Himself. “The words of the holy one, the true one, who has the key of David, who opens and no one will shut, who shuts and no one opens.” (Revelation 3:7b)
About three years later I received an e-mail which was sent to all the pastors and mission workers in Brisbane. It was seeking a host for a pastor from China with a heart for revival. I asked the Lord, “Would you like me to host this pastor?” I heard the soft voice reply with scripture, “And Jesus said to him, Foxes have holes and birds of the air have nests, but the Son of Man has nowhere to lay His head.” (Matthew 8:20) For me this was a green light to offer the pastor lodging. After meeting him I realized he was commissioned to set revival fire around my nation. One of the provinces in China received this revival fire and pastors from that province came together to seek God’s heart for them as a body of Christ. The Lord revived the call for them to take the gospel back to Jerusalem. Through this pastor the Lord opened a new door for me back into my nation.  

## Prophecy
Fourteen years ago, when I was attending a prophetic conference the speaker gestured towards me and said, “You lady in the red t-shirt, please come forth.” As I moved forward the prophetess released prophetic words to me, “The Lord is saying, my child, ‘For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, declares the Lord. For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways and my thoughts than your thoughts.  “For as the rain and the snow come down from heaven and do not return there but water the earth, making it bring forth and sprout, giving seed to the sower and bread to the eater, so shall my word be that goes out from my mouth; it shall not return to me empty, but it shall accomplish that which I purpose, and shall succeed in the thing for which I sent it.’ (Isaiah 55:8-11) but the Lord is saying, He will give you revelations that are not hard for you to understand to cause you to write a book”. 
I treasured those words in my spirit and often pondered how I would accomplish this impossible task. One day I read a book by John Bevere. In it he wrote, “I am not the author of this book, God is, I am just the pen the Lord used, I am the first reader.” These words resonated within my heart. I thought about being the pen for the Lord and this quest seemed to make sense to me. I was determined to wait for the Lord to show me what to write.   
One day I heard the small voice saying to me, “I am shifting the wealth of the wicked to the hands of the righteous in China, to enable the churches to fulfill their destiny that is to take the gospel back to Jerusalem”. On another night I had a dream. In the dream I heard the Lord say, “Go now and preach the gospel to the nations and make disciples.” When I awoke I didn’t know what to do. The Lord had not given me a direction yet. I didn’t realize the Lord had already set everything in motion, that He had prepared a path for me again. That everything was unfolding according to His plan.  
By faith I returned to China with my colleague Joshua. Whilst I was translating for Joshua the soft gentle voice inside me said, “Reveal the modern mission method to these Chinese churches, make a model of it for other churches to follow.” 
I shared these words with Joshua and he told me about his vision. To see another 9000 pioneers come from churches around the world to involved in the great commission. Joshua showed me his mission training manuals entitled Sacrificial Succession and Mission Management. 
I decided to translate these manuals. When I finished translating them it became very clear to me that the Lord was at work again. He was positioning everyone strategically to pave the way. Especially the Chinese government's new policy called “One Belt One Road”. Something that would enable Chinese missionaries to go into neighboring Muslim nations. To preach the gospel along that road all the way to Jerusalem.  

## His Plan
I realized if Abraham, Joshua and indeed I hadn't obeyed the Lord's leading and moved in His direction, this book, the book God called me to write would not have become a reality. It is all due to God’s faithfulness and leading. God wanted them to witness His doing and for me to write it all down to tell others how amazing He is. He is the real author. It is Him through Abraham and Joshua outworking all the testimonies. He provided the content of this book through the lives of His servants. 
The Lord is the one who sits on the throne in heaven and orchestrates everything and rules and reigns. He moves people from different parts of the world to form a story to cause His kingdom to advance on earth. It's astonishing how God is able to do this simultaneously with billions of people on earth. He weaves each person like a colorful thread into His tapestry. All at the right place and right time according to His perfect will.  
When God says, ‘I have a plan for you,’ He really does. In fact, His plan existed before you the believer was even born. God says, “Before I formed you in the womb I knew you, and before you were born I consecrated you; I appointed you a prophet to the nations.” (Jeremiah 1:5) “For I know the plans I have for you, declares the Lord, plans for welfare and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope”. (Jeremiah 29:11) Moses didn't plan to be the leader of Israel. Joseph didn't position himself to be the prime minister of Egypt. David didn’t dream to be the king of Israel. It was all God’s plan for them. By faith they obeyed the leading of the Lord. Step-by-step they walked into His plan and experienced an abundant life.    
In the beginning Abraham didn’t know God wanted to model him into a successful businessman. To use him to financially support missionary activity around the world. Joshua didn't know God wanted him to be a university lecturer and entrepreneur before sending him to the mission field to write mission training manuals. I didn't know God wanted to use me as a broadcaster first to connect me with Joshua to write this book, a book to let my people know how to wisely fulfill God’s destiny for the Chinese church. All these plans were beyond our imaginations and far above our heart’s desires. All we did was walk by faith according to His leading. We have all faced trials and tests and had times of weakness and strength. But through it all we loved the Lord and were determined to follow Him. All three of us have been shaped by the Lord. We pursue the same mission call that brought us together. The Lord used our testimonies to birth a modern mission method for the 21st century. 
When I was willing to give up my own plans the Lord gave me His plan for my life. His plan was one beyond my wildest dream. The Lord’s plan will always align with His salvation plan for mankind. That is why the enemy wants to attack the believer. To make the believer doubt His plan for them. To steal and destroy His plan for them. To rob the abundant life the Lord promised them. Therefore, it’s important to understand His plan and be determined to work through it.  

## Answer Prayer 
The Lord’s presence replaced my loneliness. His blood covered my sin, guilt and shame. His love cast out my fear of death. His sacrifice and grace brought me the eternal life I hoped for as a young child. My life was completely changed. I found the answer I was seeking many years ago. The answer was and is Jesus. Jesus is and will always be the Way, the Truth and the Life.
When I heard Joshua’s vision to call forth another 9000 pioneers to respond to the great commission, I immediately understood the will of God in this. I wrote this book for the church, the body of Christ: to witness an effective way of pioneering and managing a mission ministry overseas, one to impact and promote mission back to Jerusalem. 

