---
layout: post
title:  "Testimony-A Billionaire"
tags:
  - billionaire
  - 
hero: https://source.unsplash.com/collection/430471/
overlay: yellow
published: true

---


## Background
Abraham was born in India to British parents. The son of a war time fighter pilot, his grandfather was born on a boat into a family that was part of a theatrical tour company. Abraham’s mother was the daughter of a Spanish sea captain. With a background of Spanish, German, Dutch, and Irish, she was raised Catholic. Abraham had a multi-cultural upbringing. The main religious influence at home was Catholicism.
<!–-break-–>

Abraham was three when his family left India and returned home to Britain. India was struggling for independence and no longer a safe place to live.  
When Abraham was ten his father grew restless and decided to become a bush pilot. He relocated his family to Kenya to do so. Abraham loved the warmer climate and immersing himself in another culture. His experiences of both India and Africa cultivated a deep interest within him: one that would become more prevalent in years to come. He had five wonderful years in Kenya.

## Venture
At eleven Abraham noticed the beautiful bougainvillea flowers planted at the roundabouts in Kenya. The entrepreneurial gift within him sprouted. The thought of selling something that cost nothing but produced 100% profit seemed the ideal business venture. He cut and bundled the flowers and proceeded to knock on people’s doors. He sold them in the name of the Kenya Hospital Bedding Fund. He made enough money to purchase an air rifle for himself. His business was successful until the day he knocked on a doctor’s door. The business closed at the hand of his father’s wooden spoon. Abraham learnt from a young age that liquidating a business can be a very painful thing. 
At fifteen Abraham's family returned to Britain once again. This time due to the outbreak of war in Kenya.  Once again Abraham’s adventurous character sought out mischievous antics outside of school. He was disengaged with school and played truant for six months. This resulted in him being held back a year and becoming the oldest in the class. At that time Abraham was also hanging out with a rough crowd. He used language he is still ashamed of today. Discipline from his dad was never short.  

## Salvation  
One day someone dropped off a leaflet to Abraham’s family. It was an invitation to a Pentecostal church gathering. His father being an adventurous sort himself, decided to visit the church. He invited Abraham to join him. Abraham's Catholic mother would never have agreed to such a thing.  As Abraham entered the church his immediate reaction was, “This is strange. People are praising God and saying hallelujah. People seem to really like God.”  Abraham had grown up with the impression that God was a fearsome person. Someone who would send you to hell if you weren't good. With all his mischievous ways Abraham considered he would be in purgatory for at least one million years. But being clever he made a game plan. He thought to himself, “I could enjoy life, do whatever I like, and repent on my death bed, then go to heaven.” Although he knew this meant he wasn't really on good terms with God, he felt it was better solution than the alternative of going to hell.

## Transformed
That day when Abraham visited the church he was confronted by people who seemed to love God. People who could speak to God. He was really touched by their love for God. That was the thing that spoke to his heart. One night as he was walking home from a youth meeting he saw a picture in his mind of Jesus on the cross. He realized Jesus died on the cross for him. That was the turning point for Abraham. He responded by giving his life to Christ.  He was seventeen.
After his conversion Abraham noticed changes in his life. One day while he was cycling to school he was nearly knocked over by a big lorry. He was about to give the driver a mouthful when nothing came out. He realized there had been a real change in his life. He couldn't swear anymore. Everything seemed different. Birds seemed to be singing. The trees seemed greener. His life was radically changed. He felt so different after becoming a Christian.

## Testing
During this time God challenged him on a few occasions. Once in church when God asked him to empty his pockets. To give away all his money to the ministry. He obeyed and gave everything he had in his pocket. As a result, he walked seven miles in the dark to get home. At that time, his brother thought him foolish to give away his bus fare. But many decades later his brother came to realize how God rewards those who are faithful in the little things. Abraham believed God was testing him by saying, “Would you be faithful with money?” He believed at that time a strong faithful foundation was laid in his heart. 

## Training
Abraham’s mother was an excellent business negotiator. He used to accompany her to the fruit and vegetable market in Kenya and watch her bargain. She bargained about everything so hard it embarrassed him. But Abraham’s mum was born in India. It was her nature to bargain and barter. Those uncomfortable moments watching his mum bargain with vendors, haggle over every penny, made Abraham understand purchasing power and negotiation skills. He also observed the commitment and consistency of the sales person, the traits that enabled them to make a sale.
Abraham purchased his first car for $130 and sold it one year later for $195. His father thought it unreasonable that he should sell it for a profit. But Abraham very confidently told his father, “The man who bought it from me was happy, and I am happy, so there is no problem.” He learnt that in business he needed to buy with a profit margin in mind. He couldn’t be too reasonable like his father in making money. He understood excellent business principles at an early age. In buying, one plus one equals two, in selling one plus one must equal eleven.

## Married
Abraham got married at 20. His son was born when he was 22. At that time he did not earn much money working as a bank clerk. His income was less than his wife’s. After his son was born his wife stopped working. Suddenly 60 percent of the household income disappeared. Abraham was challenged. He had no option but to make more money and provide for his family. He must work harder. At first he started a used car sales business with his friend at night. He was also a youth leader at his church and studying to be an accountant. For many years he worked very hard. One time he had to push a car around at 5:00 am in the morning to warm it up because of the snow. This was to make sure it would start when the buyer came to inspect it at 7:00 am. Then he needed to catch a train to be at work by 8:00 am. There was a lot of hard work in his youth but the words, “It is good for a man that he bear the yoke in his youth” (Lamentations 3:27) encouraged him to keep going.   
Abraham didn’t do well at school. He was not interested and had no direction whilst at school.  He noticed there were no books about how to live life until he read the Bible. It was there he found all the wisdom about life he needed. He was fascinated by the success and failure of men in the Bible. He also noticed in life that many people did well. Not necessarily because of what they had achieved during school but rather because they had direction. After he set the goal to be an accountant he applied himself. With determination and hard work nothing could stop him from pursuing and achieving his goal. By 27 Abraham became a professional chartered accountant.
The Bible's wisdom started forming a strong foundation in Abraham. It was present in his thoughts as he applied it to life. He followed the voice of the one living inside him, directing him. He understood the difference between success and failure was very small. Those who succeed may fail at times but they get up when they do. Those who fail don’t get up when they fail but stay down and proceed to whinge for the rest of their lives. He realized everyone has their own disadvantage. Life deals everyone a certain hand. A hand that one must work with and overcome. Man can handle failure many times, but not called a failure until he gives up. Scripture told Abraham, “Whatever your hand finds to do, do it with all your might, for there is no work or thought or knowledge or wisdom in Sheol, to which you are going.” (Ecclesiastes 9:10)

## Calling
After Abraham had already worked for two major car companies he clearly heard a soft voice within him telling him to apply for a job at another car manufacturer, one that was owned by an American. In obedience, he applied for the job. He was one of a hundred applicants. He became one of three short-listed. But Abraham’s test came when the company rang him and said, “Sorry your application was not successful, and we are hiring one of the other short-listed persons.” Abraham thought to himself, “I must not have heard the Lord’s voice properly.” He questioned himself, “Didn’t the Lord really tell me to apply for this job? If so how come I didn’t get it?” Just days later the car plant called. Abraham was asked to see the owner again for another interview. They told him the owner didn’t like the person they hired. Abraham’s interview went well and towards the end the owner asked Abraham: “Tell me why should I give you this job since you are the youngest and the least experienced of all the applicants?” Abraham answered confidently, “I noticed you made your fortune at my age, so I would like the opportunity to have a go.” The owner liked Abraham’s answer and asked him right away, “When can you start?”

## Faithfulness 
After Abraham got the job the company faced an uncontrollable challenge due to an oil crisis. Fuel supply in the nation suffered a tremendous cut. The company's production line relied on fuel to run the power generator. The company was also producing cars with seven litre engines. A very expensive car requiring 1 gallon of petrol per ten miles. But at the time no one could purchase more than two gallons of fuel at any petrol station at any given time. The production line was forced down to a three-day week. The crisis also impacted car sales. This brought the production line to a full stop. Within three months of working for the car manufacturer the company was forced into receivership. Abraham had to deal with all the financial difficulties of the company. He was required to help the owner sack 1200 employees, and deal with the bank and receivership. It was not easy for anyone. But Abraham was determined to do well at his job. He helped the owner save lots of money and thus built a great trust with him. Abraham was the last hired and the only one left at the end. Abraham’s faith was challenged. He questioned why God wanted him to work for a company that was about to go out of business. 

## Sowing  
In the meantime, the owner asked Abraham, “Would you like to set up a spare parts business to continue to support the customers who already bought the cars?”  Out of Abraham’s own understanding his immediate answer was, “You don’t need me, you need an engineer, and I am just an accountant.” He thought, “Who is going to invest in a car parts business when the car manufacturer no longer produces the car? This business has no great future.” But the thought came to mind that if it was God who called him to apply for the job then God must have a plan for him.  After the owner said, “But I trust you, I would like you to start this business,” Abraham received such confidence and wisdom that he replied, “I will make a proposal to you. If you want me to do this, I have one condition. The only way I would like to invest in the business which really doesn’t have much future is if I could invest my ten thousand pounds of the redundancy money, which is all my savings, in return for a fifteen percent share of the business.” The owner agreed. Everyone thought Abraham was mad but he consequently set up a spare parts business with the owner.
Abraham was promoted from employee to business partner.  It occurred to him that his mother's purchasing power in Kenya was due to business competition. Abraham’s business now put him in a unique situation. He had no competitors. The company no longer made the cars and he was the only supplier of its parts. So, anyone needing parts must buy them from him. He was in a powerful position as a supplier. His buyers had no purchasing power. To Abraham it seemed like a good idea to put all the prices up 30 percent.  As a result, his company made a profit in the first year.

## Victory  
Abraham praised God for positioning him at the right time, in the right location, with the right guidance, training and wisdom. God had connected him to the right person in the right company with an opportunity to show his talent. He also thanked God for all the other things He had brought about in Abraham's life.  Abraham’s trust in God grew and his faith increased. Shortly after God blessed him in this company, God’s plan for him unfolded further. Their foreclosed car company that faithfully serviced their customers helped Abraham's business to win a spare parts distribution franchising contract for another large car manufacturer for his nation within a year. Since then his business has never lost money. Instead, it has multiplied and grown. It was God who empowered and positioned Abraham to receive wealth according to His plan.
Faith helped Abraham create wealth as he relied on God and allowed Him to lead. He was faithful to God's testing. Scripture told him: “Do you see a man skillful in his work? He will stand before kings; he will not stand before obscure men.” (Proverbs 22:29) God made an opportunity for him. Abraham was convinced to follow God’s way. Through his experience in car manufacturing Abraham learnt that in business one can only control 25 percent of the decision making. Decisions regarding small things like the location of business premises, hiring employees, setting wages etc. were controllable. The other 75 percent was outside of his control. Things such as the economy, competitors, tax rates, global currency levels etc., were all big issues that were outside his control. However, the bible states, “The prudent sees danger and hides himself, but the simple go on and suffer for it.” (Proverbs 22:3) Abraham understood the need to know what the future looked like. More importantly he knew that God knows the future. As a Christian, Abraham was on an inside track. God speaks to His people. If he trusted God’s leading he was ahead. Abraham also learnt if things seemed good, but he didn't feel right about them he needed to surrender to the leading of the Holy Spirit. Totally relying on God to give him insight and leading regarding uncontrollable factors. Abraham sought God for the future and knew the importance of linking God in his business. He truly understood the scripture, “You shall remember the Lord your God, for it is He who gives you power to get wealth…” (Deuteronomy 8:18a)

## Prophecy 
One day while Abraham was in church a special word of prophecy came to his congregation saying, “One day you will stand before kings.” Abraham felt the word was for him and received it into his heart. He thought that there were a lot of kings and princes in Africa. He could go to Africa and minister to them. His heart for mission was stirred. He applied for mission jobs within his nation but to his surprise was turned down. All of Abraham's applications were rejected. Abraham had no choice but to wait for God’s instruction. But he treasured the words he received in his heart, often pondering on how to fulfil those words the Lord had spoken through the prophet. As Abraham aged he built an even deeper, more intimate relationship with God. He did this through reading the word and praying. Abraham's ear became more attuned to God's voice. As He waited for God's instructions the peace of the Holy Spirit led him in the direction the Lord wanted him to go. His business prospered even more. Money poured into his hand. Abraham realized his gifting from God was to make money. 

## Dream
One-night Abraham had a dream. In this dream he was standing before God, and God asked him: “Abraham what did you do with your life?” Abraham replied, “I made lots of money.” God said, “That is good, then what did you do?” Abraham replied again, “Then I made more money”. Then God said again, “That is good. What did you do then?” This conversation was repeated a few times. Abraham didn’t like it. He realized the conversation was going nowhere and he was reminded of scripture, “Everyone to whom much was given, of him much will be required, and from him to whom they entrusted much, they will demand the more.” (Luke 12:48b) Abraham realized there was a great expectation on him. God didn’t give him so much money for himself. Abraham understood everything he had someone else had had before. That one day someone else will have it after he has died.  Abraham also understood that during his time he was just a steward. When he goes to heaven God will ask him, “What did you do with the large amount of money I gave you?” Abraham also remembered Amy Carmichael who said once, “We shall have all eternity to celebrate the victories, but we have only the few hours before sunset in which to win them.” Abraham realized he needed to send some credit to heaven. Now was his moment of opportunity to do so.

## Vision 
Abraham sought opportunities to build treasure in Heaven. One-day Abraham met the evangelist Reinhard Bonnke. Reinhard shared his vision of a conversation with God. He said to God, “Oh Father you own everything in this world, but how come your child can’t even afford the rent of this ministry building?” God gave Reinhard the opportunity to ask for a million dollars for his ministry. Instead, Reinhard asked God for a million souls. Reinhard’s testimony inspired Abraham and he thought, “If a poor missionary dared to ask for a million souls without any financial support, then I, with financial backing, should ask for a billion souls.” But Abraham wanted to be conservative and not over promise in case he could not deliver. So, he decided that he would touch a billion souls. With the Lord’s leading Abraham purchased a shortwave radio station. He started to evangelize Asian nations with large demographic populations.
Abraham combined his passion for mission with his business logic. He noticed there were 55,000 Vietnamese refugees escaping Vietnam during the war by boat to Hong Kong. At first, he was going to the refugee camp to give the children shoes to wear. But when he got there he noticed some refugees had been in the camp for a long time. They were very depressed, living without hope or direction. It happened that Abraham knew the government minister in charge of the Hong Kong refugees. He wrote to him asking permission to distribute Christian literature to those who had been in the camp for many years. Since Abraham was a business man, the door was opened to him. Consequently, the church was allowed to enter the camp to evangelize. As a result, the gospel of Mark, in the form of a coloring book, was distributed to every child: 7,500 people were given Bibles and 2,000 people were baptised. That was exciting to Abraham. He understood that market place business people needed to work together with the church. They needed each other to advance the kingdom.   

## Mission
As time went on Abraham noticed something in his nation. If a mission organization wanted to send a missionary to Mozambique they would only get one or two applicants. The mission organization would then send the missionary to Mozambique to study the language for three years. Their children would be placed in the local American school and the missionary might make a small impact in Mozambique. As a businessman Abraham saw things differently. In Brazil there were one million evangelists. They were used to hot weather, malaria, and difficult conditions. More importantly, they spoke the same language as Mozambique. Abraham thought he could send 100 Brazilians to Mozambique. When he advertised for Brazilian missionaries around 1000 candidates applied. When that happened, he saw miracles. As soon as the Brazilians entered Mozambique they preached even to border security. They converted the border guards on the way through. Because these people were sent to Mozambique, 300 churches were established, 300 local leaders were trained in order to take over the churches. There are 70,000 people in the churches today. 
Abraham’s conclusion was that churches and business people need to work together.
While Abraham’s business continued to grow he sowed into his community. He helped out other business men in their lives. Abraham joined the industry council in his community and later became Chairman of the council, a council formed by a group of leading industrialists and businessmen. They maintained a close dialogue with senior politicians in his country to influence government policy making. Later, Abraham was inducted into the government house. This presented Abraham with a platform to be a voice in the political arena for business and social issues. He did this as a representative of the Lord Jesus Christ.
The prophecy of Abraham standing before kings, his conversation, his gifts, and pioneering character all propelled him to do more, reach more and touch more. Abraham learnt the reason the mission organizations in his nation rejected him was because God’s plans for him were much greater than his own.
  
## Commission 
Abraham sowed his wealth into his ministry organization without reservation. God used Abraham’s entrepreneurial gift to further the kingdom. The mission organization was obedient to both God’s word and leading. Without any outside financial support, the mission work grew tremendously within a short time.
After Abraham received the vision to support 1,000 indigenous missionaries to impact nations he, like all entrepreneurs, shared his vision with a team. Abraham asked them to outwork his vision. Joshua was asked to lead these projects to impact the nations for God's kingdom.   


